Winter is here.
And we have very limited time left now.
And we're really close
to the goal. but this time of
year. everything's pretty
near its breaking point.
31-year-old Parker schnabel is
closing out the busiest season
of his life. running 24/7 for six months.
And it's paying off.
He's close to breaking
his 10.000-ounce goal.
but is barely ahead of
neighbor Tony beets.
Mitch is busy running
the stripping program
in the midst of. you know.
trying to keep Roxanne running
and starting our next pit on
the Indian river for next year.
And then Tyson is just.
you know. fighting to keep...
The three plants on dominion running.
To hit his goal this week.
Parker's cranking up
his four wash plants to
run even more pay dirt.
Just got to keep... keep
these wash plants running.
Parker. got a copy? Parker.
Who's that?
Yeah. go ahead.
We've got a big problem with Roxanne.
Got some cracked cross tubes here.
All right. Yeah. I'll let Mitch know.
He'll come up and
have a look at it with you.
Stupid plant.
- Hey. Mitch.
- What's happening. man?
Just trying to figure out the best way
to get rid of this water over here.
Alec just radioed me. and
there's bigger problems.
There's a bunch of cracks in
the screen deck on Roxanne.
No good.
He's up there having a look at it.
And we're only like.
what. 400 and change
away from hitting our goal?
So we'll just have to keep
trying to babysit it through
the season and then figure out a plan.
Yeah.
On the plus side. gold has
another record high today.
- That's awesome.
- It's nuts.
It's totally crazy.
But yeah. let's try to
keep that thing banging
if you don't mind.
All right. we'll go have a look.
Thanks. man.
Only two years old. wash plant
Roxanne already has cracks in
its structural tubes.
If not fixed. they could break
apart and damage the plant.
putting it out of action
for the rest of the season.
How's it going. buddy?
So this whole cross
tube here is compromised.
We'd be looking at maybe two
days downtime to replace this
tube here and that tube there.
There's no way Parker's
gonna let us turn this wash plant
off for any length of time.
so probably just pop those
screens out. weld her
up the best you can.
Hopefully it's got enough
life left in it to get to
- the end here.
- Yeah.
If you look at the gold prices
right now. every one of these
mine bosses has the
same mentality. dude.
Crank them up as hard as
you can. get as much material
through them to get as much gold.
- Yeah. for sure.
- Thanks. buddy.
Take care. Mitch.
Ok.
That's the guy right
there. The one I'm after.
Let the music begin.
I love my job.
This is one of the worst cracks
that I've seen on a plant that
we've actually kept running.
Crack just keeps going.
Damn it.
Are you still in there?
Hey. Matt?
Hey. I've hurt my foot pretty bad.
I'm gonna need some
medical attention here.
Ok. thank you.
You all right up there. buddy?
I'm hanging in there. Matt.
Let's see that thing.
- Does that hurt pretty good?
- It hurts beautifully.
Yeah. I thought so.
A 4.000 degree piece of
molten metal flew into Alec's boot.
searing his flesh. causing
second-degree burns.
All right. I'm gonna flush it
with this and get this burn
dressing on there.
Definitely clean that out
really well when you get home.
Yeah. it's melted my sock real good.
Put like antiseptic gel on it.
Well. I'll just keep working. I guess.
- Gold star for you. buddy.
- Yeah. right.
- Well...
- Well. that's... happy to help.
Thanks. Matt.
See ya.
There's no one else here
to do this or to help me. so...
Just suck it up and keep working.
Foot patched up. Alec gets
back to welding Roxanne.
and with Roxanne back on her feet.
the crew have a fighting chance
of hitting 10.000 ounces
by the end of the week.
All the welding's done.
I'm just reassembling the top deck
and get ready to start sluicing here.
Firing up. Roxanne. Here we go.
Let's get sluicing.
How's your foot doing. man?
I don't feel it right now.
Whatever Matt did is really working good.
Well. man. thanks for
being a trooper there and just
patching it up and buckling
down and getting it finished.
What do you think.
man? Will it last a week?
That's the million-dollar
question right there.
No warranty. no guarantee.
but fingers crossed.
Great job. buddy. We're washing rocks.
Well. here we go.
Last bucket of pay of Vegas valley.
We're finally right to the very end here.
We got the last pay out of Vegas valley.
It's not really a good thing.
This is our last chance.
and we got to treat it that way.
It'll be our last chance.
you know. in the Yukon ever.
While Parker chases down
10.000 ounces. Rick ness has
only just edged past 1.000.
His roller coaster ride of a
season has seen him expand
his ground and become
flush with claims.
But red tape and bad luck
have backed him into a corner.
and his weary crew are battling
to reach 1.800 ounces to earn
their bonuses and secure their future.
This has been the coldest
morning we've had so far.
Had to thaw out the runs real
quick before we could fire up.
Once you see that. you
know that winter's coming.
Now. Rick's new Vegas
valley cut has run out of pay
much quicker than he expected.
Not only is the weather
starting to creep in.
but. I mean. our pay pile's dwindling fast.
and it's only a matter of time.
I mean. we're down
to days and weeks now.
With just two weeks left to
get over 700 ounces. Rick is
hoping for a massive final
payday from Vegas valley to
take the stress off his
new cut. the last chance.
The easy option right
now would be to pack it up.
you know. lick our wounds. go home.
but now we've got to pivot.
We have to move on.
That's why I made the
decision to. you know. open up
this new last chance cut.
I don't think anybody's that
excited about opening up
a new cut this late in the season.
but we need more gold and
that's where it's going to be.
At Duncan creek. Rick wants to
keep following the Vegas valley
pay streak upstream
and plans to move north.
opening the one-acre last chance cut.
Before stripping can begin.
the area must first be drained
by digging a channel to release
the water into the mined-out
Vegas valley.
While it's draining. Rick
will clear a Ridge of trees
and loose rocks to make
the cuts safe to work in.
Finally. Rick's crew must then
dig down 40 feet to hit the top
of the gold-rich pay layer he's
praying will save his season.
And he wants it all done before
the last of his stockpiled pay runs out.
- You got a copy there. Bailey?
- Yeah. go ahead. Ricky.
What do you figure there?
Are you ready to cut this water through?
Yeah. I think we should be good to go.
All right. well. just make
sure you take it easy.
Sounds good.
The water over there.
we got to cut it through
the bank over here.
We're going to slowly
just crack it down there
and let it... Let that water run out
and dry out our new cut.
There it goes.
How's she looking. bud?
Looks nice and slow to me. I like it.
All right. well. yeah.
we'll just let it drain for
a bit. and then we'll get back to digging.
Sounds good. man.
Vegas valley's done. and it's very late in
the season. but we got another
cut to open up. and we wanna
hit 1.800 ounces. and
this is the first step.
So we're moving on.
To help him on his quest to
open the last chance. Rick hops
into the rebuilt 700.
The 700's been down. you know.
the bulk of the season here.
It was our second biggest excavator.
To have it back now is a
big deal. so we'll be getting
the last chance cut
opened up in no time.
After the 700 broke down
earlier in the year. Rick spent
50 grand on a complete engine
rebuild and can finally put it
to work for the first time this season.
These trees are really close to the edge.
right at the top of the last chance cut.
And once I get these trees.
you know. moved back. I'll be
feeling a hell of a lot better
about Bailey being underneath.
that's where the pay is. than
moving closer to the bank.
There they go. wrong way.
I enjoyed that one.
Sent her over the edge.
You feel pretty tough with a
chainsaw knocking trees down.
but that's nothing compared to
knocking trees down
with a 70-ton excavator.
I can't have them falling
down while he's trying
to get some down there.
Hooked a tree.
Damn it. I saw oil squirt. too.
Yeah.
It definitely got a hydraulic leak.
Hey. Ryan. Hey. man.
Can you meet me up by the 700? I...
I hooked a tree with the hydraulic line.
All right. thanks.
Damn it.
Just got this thing back running.
Hey. man.
What's up?
It looks like a seal. I
hooked it on a tree line.
and I heard something
hiss. and then I saw some
- spray. so...
- At least it's not the hose.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. that needs to be fixed.
Let me grab my glasses.
That's why I hate this.
Just let loose like that.
Stupid bull.
Mechanic Ryan Kent has
been hit in the face with hydraulic
fluid while fixing Rick's 700 excavator.
Sorry. you got hit in the face. man.
That's fine. Let's just get it done.
Yeah. it spit that seal right out.
Yeah. you can see that it's damaged.
It's taking the coupler off
that holds the hydraulic lines
right now.
You can see where the
o-ring actually pushed out.
Might have already
been loose. who knows?
But I know me hitting it
on the tree didn't help it. so.
All right. slide it.
So there's your two different seals.
This one's just seen her days.
Pull it out and then we'll just
slide it in.
Just tighten these bolts down
and should be able to get it
right back in action.
Start it up.
Yeah. make sure we're not gonna leak.
Ok.
If it doesn't leak. we're in business.
Looks good.
- Good to go?
- Yeah.
Nice. man.
Got no leaks.
Everything seems back to normal.
We got lucky with this one.
We are back in business.
Tony. do you copy. Tony?
Could you come have a
look at the corner cut with me?
Tony beets has already
banked more than $35 million.
and after his bumper 1.000
ounce gold haul last week.
the king of the klondike
is in striking distance
of 10.000 ounces and
edging in front of Parker.
But there's a problem...
This corner cut is almost done.
So we got to figure something out
because we don't want to run out of pay.
Doesn't look like it.
Yeah. well. ok.
On the Indian river. Tony
has opened up more ground
than ever before. and
he's reaped the rewards.
His twin wash plants.
running in the massive
corner cut. have consistently
delivered huge gold weighs.
But now its pay is running out.
and he has to go in search of
another rich spot.
Tony will start his treasure
hunt next to some of
his richest ground of the
year. the early bird cut.
where he's praying the
gold-rich pay continues.
Gravels. a light brown
dirt with small rocks.
are a strong indication
there's good gold here.
And Tony's found some
just six feet below the surface.
To strip the early bird
extension quicker and avoid
shutting down a plant.
Tony brings in his monster
950 excavator. capable
of moving 10 tons of dirt
with every bucket.
And to shift all that dirt
fast. an a40 rock truck
and his new toy. the a50.
with its seven-ton increase
in payload.
Today. Tony got me in
the a50 for the first time.
It's awesome. man.
Like. it just looks so futuristic. you know?
He wants us cut down to
pay by the end of the week.
There's a lot of dirt in
the back of the truck.
like. it's crazy.
Tony's so keen to get the dirt out of here.
he's overloading me.
It's too heavy. like. it was at 66 tons.
So. it couldn't dump.
I can't dump. It's too heavy.
Rushing to get his new cut down to pay.
Tony has overfilled
Darian's 50-ton rock truck.
It's too heavy to dump. I can't dump it.
Ok.
He's a smart guy. you
see. He knows all the tricks.
If Tony can get his new cut
stripped and down to pay by
the end of the week.
he'll be back on track
to hit 10.000 ounces.
I thought we'd have
10.000 ounces by now.
But...
It's proving to be a bit elusive.
We need to press those wash
plants a hell of a lot harder.
In a herculean effort to get 430 ounces
and hit 10.000 by the end of the week.
Parker is pushing his
crew and wash plants hard.
With Parker's decision to
run the absolute piss
out of the wash plants
so we can hit our gold total.
I got big red running a little hot.
So it's definitely putting a
lot of stress on the plants
and whatnot. but. you
know. it's not my call.
I'm just here to do my job
and keep Parker happy.
Belt's stuck.
Liam. Alec. you got a copy?
Yeah. go for Liam.
Hey man I'm gonna need
you to come up to big red.
John. what happened?
Radial stacker quit on me. buddy.
It looks like we got a
super slimy belt here.
It gives no friction to
the belt. so when it makes
its way up to the head drum.
the head drum will just spin there.
Why we're getting so much
mud on the inside of the conveyor?
Maybe it's just not coming in far enough.
Yeah.
We need a bit more overlap.
like. from this head drum into
this rock box so the material
doesn't stack up here.
Yeah.
This hopper is buried
in material left and right.
So. what do you think?
We gotta move the radial stacker back?
Yeah. we have hydraulics on this.
I can just run the hydraulics
a bit and sort of like
inchworm it back a bit.
How do you inchworm a radial stacker?
The stacker is gonna have
to be up in the air and then.
as long as the axle end which
is usually planted with those
power wheels. was free
to come towards this plate...
Right.
The radial stacker would
effectively move backwards.
And now it's top-heavy and unsettled.
If he wants to roll away
with the conveyor up like that.
like. who's to say it's
not going to fall over. too?
It's definitely risky.
Paydirt from big red's hopper
conveyor is getting under
the wash plant's radial stacker
and coating the inside of its belt.
which is then traveling up to
the drive pulley's head drum.
making it slip. stopping pay
from being fed into the plant.
Moving the hopper feeder's
conveyor forward would solve
the problem. but it would
require time and an excavator
they don't have.
Alec's quick but risky fix
is to inch the 120-foot radial
stacker back by three inches
so it sits further underneath
the feeder conveyor.
stopping the pay getting
under the belt.
First. he'll raise the top
end of the radial stacker up
and use its weight to generate
down force onto the axle.
Then. by lifting the axle's
gull wing brake wheels off the ground.
he hopes to inch the
stacker back towards
the feeder conveyor.
But if he loses control.
it could topple over
and cause a disaster.
Have you ever done this before?
This is completely experimental.
Seems like the only option we got.
- Let's give it a go.
- See what happens.
All right.
Let's call that our line
in the sand there. yeah.
If goes south. well. it
was nice knowing you.
- Yeah. you too. buddy.
- All righty.
I'm pulling up the wheels here. so maybe
stand back a little bit.
It's a little nerve-racking
as soon as he lifts those
gull wings up.
there could be a possibility
where it tips completely over.
so we're putting our
prayers to the gods right now.
Ok. that's off.
Other side's also off.
Ok. now the exciting part.
My god. It's moving so much.
I'm raising up the radial
stacker now with the gull wings
off the ground.
And these wheels are moving
slowly. which is letting me
know that we are indeed
tracking our progress.
My heart's in my throat right
now. watching this thing move
back and forth. knowing
that it could topple over.
Got like half an inch.
All right. we've got our height.
Then I'm going to lower
the stacker. which should
increase the distance.
That's good.
Gull wings back on the ground here.
As for a level side to side.
you figure we're pretty good?
It looks pretty good to me.
Ok. yeah. we got the weight
back on the stabilizer legs.
I can roll these duallys. so
I'm just gonna go say hi to
brother John and see if we've
moved the amount we need to.
What did we end up getting. John?
Yeah. three. three and a half.
As long as the material
doesn't pile up here.
it shouldn't get into the belt.
shouldn't with stuff up there.
- Yep.
- So let's fire up.
- Nice job. guys.
- Great job.
Whoo!
Throw the stacker.
Let's get it.
Whoo!
It's looking a lot better for
where the material's landing.
- The plan has helped a lot.
- Are we winning?
It looks like it's running really good.
Nice.
We got big red running again.
Everything's running smooth.
and now the main focus is to
keep the wash plants running
and hit our 10.000-ounce goal.
That's a lot of water. isn't it?
Determined to reach
10.000 ounces this week.
Tony is racing to get down to pay
in an extension to the early bird cut.
But his stripping crew have
hit groundwater. flooding the cut
and making it unmineable.
Well. do we pump it. or ditch it there?
Ok.
To drain the flooded cut.
Tony will dig a ditch through
the road. which lies
between his new extension
and an already mined-out
section of the early bird cut.
Then. install a culvert
and pump that will drain
flood water from the
new cut into the old cut.
Finally. rebuild the road
and get his plan to hit pay dirt
by the end of the week back on track.
So. what our man
Shawn is doing here now
is just a little bit of water
maintenance that we got going
on over here. You
know how new guys are.
You got to test them out.
He looks to be doing just fine to me.
It's my first day working for Tony beets
out in the Yukon.
and very first time ever gold mining.
Still a bit nervous.
but we're getting there.
If you don't have tough
skin. you're not ready
for this industry.
Shawn. Shawn. Shawn. Shawn. stop.
Look at me.
Shut her down for a minute.
Holy. what a mess.
Full of dirt.
You got to be careful
digging it out of here.
You don't rip your electrical apart.
It's not good.
Shawn. you just leave this here.
Go get that 349. and you
can just keep ditching with that.
and then we can get this machine fixed.
Sounds good.
Operator error right there.
You should have been able
to see it in the mirror here.
Idiot.
Every minute of downtime is
no good because it all equates
to lost gold.
This gonna drop.
There she goes.
Shawn's in the 349.
Hopefully he doesn't that up at all.
Here's Tony.
That panel's off the 700.
I'll get out and talk to you.
So that panel's off the 700.
That Shawn guy.
Yeah.
Yes. sir.
Beep-beep!
After sending rookie operator
Shawn home. Tony takes over
in the 349 to finish the
ditch and install the culvert.
Do you want me to grab that pump?
Ok.
In just 90 minutes. Tony
has got his new cut drying out.
and he's back in the
chase to catch Parker.
Well. it's definitely a big
race here. trying to get down
to that pay as quick as we
can. keep that plant running.
When the plant shuts down.
you know. completely freeze.
and we won't be able
to fire up the plant again.
Rick and his crew are battling
to hit pay in their new cut.
the last chance.
before the stockpile from
Vegas valley runs out. and
they are forced to shut down
monster red.
Yeah. looks like we got
a scoop or two left here.
It's not good.
The pay pile dwindling pretty quick here.
I don't even know if it's a pile anymore.
Bailey. you got a copy?
Go ahead for Bailey.
Hey. we're almost. -
we're getting pretty low on pay here.
You got any kind of
time frame when you think
you're going to get any up to the plant?
Well. I don't know how
low it is. but it's gonna be
a couple of days on my end
before I can send anything.
We don't got a couple of days
left up here... we'll end
up having to shut it down.
Yeah. if that's it.
you know. nothing that we can do here.
Here we go. Last bucket of
pay going to the plant now.
That's it. That's all we got.
You shut it down now.
there's nothing else to run.
Shut it down today
and hopefully it's not for
the last time this season.
If freezing winter
temperatures arrive before
they hit pay in the last chance.
monster red will be too frozen to fire up.
putting even more pressure
on this week's gold weigh.
It's always impossible to tell
just when we're pulling mats.
how good it's gonna be.
We need it to be great.
So fingers crossed. we...
We can find greatness
to save this season.
Well. Bailey's still a
couple days away from pay.
If the weather decides to
change and then freeze up.
we're gonna be in trouble.
We get a couple more
good cleanups. and we're set.
I mean. the gold is really good right now.
We'll hit 1.800 to get out of
here with these guys getting
what they earned. and
us coming back next year.
Hopefully. we get a few more
good days and we get to run
again. but who knows?
- Hi.
- Hey. Rick. buddy.
- Yo.
- Hey.
Holy. Rick. that looks like a lot of gold.
Yeah. so that's the last of the gold
from Vegas valley. though.
It's a shame we don't have any more.
but that's where we're at.
It'd be easy to go home. but. you know.
we'd be next year.
Your bonuses and the future
of this company. that's basically
what we're fighting for right now.
All right. let's weigh some gold.
- Find out how we did.
- Let's do it.
Last week. Rick and his
crew pulled 430 ounces of gold.
their biggest haul ever.
But they are still more than
700 ounces short of the 1.800
Rick needs to pay their bonus
and secure his mining future.
Ready?
Well. 200.
- Yeah.
- Nice.
And we'll see what we add to that.
Here she comes. Ready?
Ok.
10. 20. 30. 35. 50. 58.
59. 69. 80. 90. 97. 98.
102.27.
Nice.
- Awesome.
- 302.27.
302.27. Yep.
Nice.
- Nice number.
- Sweet.
Worth $1.148.000.
So what's that? That
puts us at 1.379.65.
- Making up ground quick.
- Yeah.
Rick needs 420 more
ounces to hit 1.800
and send everyone home with gold.
But he still hasn't hit
pay in the last chance cut.
I mean. weather's changing.
Yeah.
We're down right now. not running.
You shut it down. you
might never start it back up.
- Yeah.
- Next week. this could be snow.
Yeah.
It's the challenges at
the end of the year. man.
Yeah.
Honestly. all we need is a
little luck with the weather.
because I know you can
get to the bottom of that cut.
- I know we can get that pay run.
- Yeah.
We just need a bit of time.
Well. I say we cheers to Bailey.
- Hell yeah.
- To Bailey. yeah...
- It's all on you.
- Thanks. guys.
Thanks. guys.
Well. that's another good gold weigh.
I mean. when we get the
plant running. we make up
ground quick. You
know. it's good ground.
We just have to fight hard
to get to it. and right now
it's all in the last chance cut.
Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello.
How are you guys?
That's a huge ass coffee cup.
The corner cut's getting
pretty big. but it's looking
- a little empty.
- Yeah. it does.
We are scratching the last bit out of it.
How's things going on the hill?
Harald literally is. like. no headache.
When I go through that
thing. it's like. you lift up
the hydraulic riffle. and you just see
- gold everywhere.
- Nothing wrong with that.
Trommel's been
running 24/7. That plant...
- Just eats through it?
- Eats it.
It's called the trom-nom-nom-nel.
Hey. Monica. should
we weigh some gold?
Yes. Who wants to start counting?
The beets family need
more than 700 ounces
to reach 10.000.
So. this is sluice-a-lot.
Ok.
Sluice-a-lot has been
running the last of the pay
in the corner cut.
100. 130. 140. 150. 180. 190. 192.42.
It's a little bit less than the last time.
How come?
So this is for find-a-lot.
All right.
Find-a-lot has also been
churning through the remaining
corner cut pay.
70. 80. 90. 110. 120.
140. 160. 180. 182.06.
Same stuff. same cut.
Tony's twin plants at
Indian river bring his total
to just over 9.640 ounces.
Well. that was all the Indian river gold.
It's time for hill gold.
10. 20. 30...
Harald has been running
pay from the hester cut.
100. 120. 132.6.
Less gold than last time.
We might have just ran into a patch.
It might end up just getting
diluted because we're running
through whatever is there.
With three of his wash
plants delivering less gold
than last week. Tony is still
more than 200 ounces short of 10.000.
- This is from the trommel?
- Yep.
Nice.
All right. Mike. can you see?
Yeah. go for it.
10. 20. 30. 40. 50. 60. 70. 80. 90.
150. 160. 200. 220.
230. 240. 250. 260...
280. 290. 3. 310. 330.
340. 350. 370. 380. 390.
400. 410. 420. 430.
Prr-sch!
The beets family passed 10.000
ounces for the first time ever.
with a total of 10.212.
worth over $38.800.000.
Yeah. that's a pretty big thing.
That's a lot of money.
Yeah. I've been running 24/7. man.
So. we did over 10.000 ounces.
We've never done so much in a season.
Yeah.
Ok.
I'ts not a bad summer?
What up?
I'm not saying it was a rough day.
but that's her second cup.
Parker and his crew have
produced more than 9.500 ounces
of gold this season
and need just over 430
to hit his 10.000-ounce goal.
Man. we've thrown a lot of
rocks at those plants this year.
It's getting rough out there
trying to keep those plants going.
We found some big cracks
in Roxanne this week.
It shows down here when
you guys have problems out there.
It's a week. is what you're saying?
If we don't hit our 10.000-ounce goal.
it's because the plant breakdowns.
I know you guys have put a
lot of dirt through them. so there
is going to be wear and tear.
Just got to keep them going.
We're running out of time.
We're running out of time real quick.
Yeah. it's starting to get pretty cold?
Yeah.
This. I think. would be
the key week if we don't get
some good numbers.
So we can throw some gold
on the scale and see how we did.
- Yeah. let's do it.
- All right.
We got the bridge cut.
Here we go.
Wash plant Bob has been
averaging 147 ounces a week
in the bridge cut.
120. 127.35.
Not bad. Ok. Mitchell.
Let's see what Roxanne can add to it.
We got 40... Roxanne has
been sluicing pay from pit 2
at Parker's Indian river claim.
Come on. keep going.
120. 133.9.
- Nice.
- There you go.
So what are we looking for here?
We need a little over.
what. 200 to hit our target?
- 200. yeah.
- Yeah.
So this is the golden mile.
We got a couple of them here.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
See how goose and big red did.
Got 40. 80. 120. 130. 140.
Don't slow down. doumitt.
There we go. 200!
Sick.
220. 258.15.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
That's awesome.
- Yeah.
- Good job. guys.
For the first time ever.
Parker has hit 10.000
ounces in a season.
worth an incredible $38.341.000.
- Good job. tat.
- Thank you.
Yeah. big.
I was rinsing the tank
from the golden goose.
I found the weirdest thing.
The goose laid its first egg. you guys.
Exactly one ounce.
There we go.
We got our golden egg.
We're at 259.15.
That's cool. That's actually hilarious.
Nice.
Last week we had 627.25 ounces.
This week. 520.4.
For a season total of...
10.089.85 ounces.
- Sick.
- Whoo!
- We did it.
- Good job. guys.
And. you know. we've
got a little bit of time left in
the season. so I think we
should just keep sluicing.
And. you know. we had a
10.000-ounce goal last year.
too. and didn't hit it. so
let's make up for a little
lost time. Keep at her.
- But thank you. guys.
- Yeah.
Thank you. man.
With just one week to
go. Parker now trails Tony
by 120 ounces.
I do like smashing through
goals. and it's a very cool
milestone for us.
So. we'll just keep going
and see what happens.